Maybe you want to go a bit older, right?
You don't want this new stuff,
you want the old stuff.
Well, my friend Alex has you covered,
Alex has this thing called
geo elements which is reimplementing
deprecated web 1.0 tags and
[LAUGH] custom elements,
the blink tag and the marquee tag.
But he's doing it in
like an accessible way,
which is these things didn't
have the greatest accessibility.
But if you want to prefers reduce motion,
if you want to reduce them.
Better, right, now we're not getting
motion sick I probably should have given
a warning before that.
But, yeah, so you can turn off the blink
tag, if you prefer reduced motion.
It's hideous, Alex makes terrible things,
but, Your mileage may vary.
It's all in a G background.
[LAUGH] The old BG tag or where you
could like BG color and stuff like that.
And we have a font tag, and
we have a marquee tag, and a blink tag.
It does everything you want,
from a Geo City's aesthetic.
So if you're building
geo city sites still,
Alex has you covered.
Ugh, none of these work in the metaverse,
I know.
We've been doing two dimensional websites.
How boring?
Let's go into the far future,
we saw the past.
A frame is a library from I guess
the old Mozilla Firefox reality team,
did a lot of work on this Chrome team,
like the Chrome Daydream VR team
did a bunch of work on it too.
But you're able to build 3D scenes
in the web browser Kind of cool.
I'm just using my WASD keys to walk
around my 3D world I invented here.
And the API is pretty cool.
Let's begin this because we can.
We want HTML, so
you know CSS, no JavaScript.
No CSS, no JAVA, we just have HTML.
And the API is pretty cool.
We have a script tag, we go to a frame,
and we create a-scene, right?
And inside a-scene is a-sphere, this guy,
it has a position in 3D space X,
Y, and Z that's confusing,
but it has a radius of
1.25 meters basically,
because in VR the Size matters.
[LAUGH] I guess you can't
say it's 18 pixels,
you reference things in use or
meters and we give it a color, right?
And then there's also a box which
has position has a bit of a rotation
with height and depth, and how we
have a cylinder, and we have a plane,
not an aeroplane but a two dimensional
surface, a plane on the bottom.
And then we have a sky,
which is just a giant sphere,
I think it's 90 meters or more?
It's a giant sky, a giant sphere
that's colored on the inside.
So, and a scene gives us the camera and
everything like that.
And we can kinda even control the camera
height if you're not one point,
I think the default is 1.6 meters tall.
So if you're not 1.6 meters, I know
every American here is just paralyzed
with not understanding [LAUGH] meters,
but if you're not in America,
you'll understand it just fine.
But the neat thing is,
I'm gonna click this VR.
And if I was in a VR headset warm,
I'm in the metaverse like
I entered the metaverse.
But here because my computer in this
PowerPoint does not support VR,
we just get a full screen 3D
scene that we can walk around and
see kind of we can even go in the sphere,
that's weird but clipping.
So that's it,
that's a kind of an interesting thing,
you can kind of build 3D experiences,
I Dave Rupert do not know how to code
WebGL, I do not even know how 3JS works.
This it gives me a declarative API
to use 3JS without any of the,
I guess, troubles or worries and
so I can build things.
I've built tons of things,
this is kind of my list of shame here.
Well, there's my [LAUGH] there's
my profile, wasn't expecting that.
We'll go to collections, and
then I think I have yeah,
I was trying this like 30 days of Web VR.
And I was like,
could I just be on Mars and
yeah I could I took this
like 3D photo from a rover,
it doesn't look good but it looks
pretty good on a Google Cardboard,
is all right,
I was I made these guys talk.
This is probably my favorite one.
This one is a whale that you can talk to.
It's like a little life coach.
I just thought that would be
cool to wake up every morning,
talk to my whale friend and
he dispenses agile advice to me.
>> [INAUDIBLE]
>> Yeah, it's just beautiful,
blends with the speech synthesis API.
Just amazing.
Really what's possible.
[LAUGH] I can't make cool things,
but you can and
I think I'm really excited for
what you're able to do.
Building your own 3D worlds in
the metaverse so all right and
then if you use it too
much the API expires and
it starts reading out like cores errors,
so [LAUGH] it's great, the future is now.